As I look back on the mission that we've had here on the International Space Station,
I'm proud to have been a part of much of the science activities that happened over the
last two months.
The view is always amazing though.
I didn't think I would do another spacewalk and to now have the chance to have done four
more was just icing on the cake for a wonderful mission.
The tenth one, do you like the first one?
No.
A little more comfortable on your tenth one.
It's hard to put into words just what it was like to be a part of this expedition, the
Expedition 63.
It'll be kind of a memory that will last a lifetime for me.
It's been a true honor.
Dragon Space X, Undock sequence commanded.
The roster's looking good.
The hardest part was getting us launched, but the most important part is bringing us home.
I've been telling Daddy we love you.
Hurry home so we can go get my dog.
Flashdown.
Welcome back to Planet Earth and thanks for flying Space X.
It's truly our honor and privilege.
Space dads are back on Earth after a 19 hour return journey from space.